xds: ensure that all connect timeout configs can apply equally to tproxy direct dial connections (#12711)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/connect/l7-traffic/discovery-chain.mdx

- `External` `(bool: false)` - True if this target is outside of this consul cluster.

- `ConnectTimeout` `(duration)` - Copy of the underlying `service-resolver`
  [`ConnectTimeout`](/docs/connect/config-entries/service-resolver#connecttimeout)

>   field. If one is not defined the default of `5s` is returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  field. If neither of the options fields are defined then the default calue of `5s` is returned.
```
